# Most-professional-and-affordable-International-Book-Publishing-Service
Book Publisher International is an international publishing organization that publishes textbooks, atlases, monographs, e-books, reference books in scientific, technical, and medical areas. As an innovative publisher, Book Publisher International is helping to move science forward. Book Press International is passionate about working with the global academic community to promote best scholarly research to the world. With the help of academic Editors, based in institutions around the globe, Book Publisher International is able to focus on serving authors while preserving robust publishing standards and editorial integrity.  Book Press International strives to provide the highest level of customer satisfaction, which is evident from the numerous testimonials of  authors (https://www.bookpi.org/testimonials/). Already more than 17500 authors from more than 168 countries published their books or book chapters with us and the number is increasing every month.   Services:  1. Professional review, editing and plagiarism checking. 2. Professional cover-page design and typesetting. 3. Specialized English editing and proofreading 4. Digital Object Identifier (DOI) allotment. 5. ISBN number (online and print version) 6. Online publication of the book and printing in the press. 7. Royalty: (80:20) profit sharing between author and publisher from the sale of books. Authors will get 80% of the profit and Publisher will get 20% of the profit. 8. Normally Books will be closed access to increase the possibility of sale and authors will retain the copyright of the book chapter/ books. Special requests of open access books can also be considered in case of complete book publication.  Complimentary free services  1.Social media promotion of the book. 2. Online Press release of the book for better promotion. 3. Advertisement for the book in different News portals. 4. Circulation of the book in different digital book stores. 5. Search engine promotion, back-linking and optimization. 6. Promotional video preparation and sharing in YouTube, etc.  Information regarding charges: https://www.bookpi.org/charges/
